To create a scene drag and drop any model or prefab to your scene.
Use road junction and road junction T for road intersection.Straight road has 4 variations named as road straight,road straight end,road straight double and road straight double end.
Road junction corresponds to sidewalk corner and road straight(all) corresponds to side walk double,sidewalk single and sidewalk end(end of road).Sidewalk has some variation such as 
single,double,single with tree bed,double with under pass(has corresponding under pass model) etc.Side walk also has 3 parking variation to create a long parking area as your wish.
Floors are tileable and have 4 variation.Each of them has exta small,small and large part.

Divider grass model is for a grassy look in between two sided road which will cover the concrete divider(shown in demo scene).

Brick and concrete walls have two part for each model.One is piller and another is main wall.

Hedges are not modular.The have to be used separately.

61 main building in different size and 11 back building for far view.Buildings are not modular and no inetrior is available.

Rooftop props are separate models.Vent pipe5a and vent pipe5b can be used as modular part for each other.

Place signboards models in different area such as building front,building top,street etc.

Street light has 3 variation ,one sided lamp,two sided lamp and one for parking are(classic looking).Street sign and traffic sign has to place on different street light and trafic signals.
Walking traffic signals 3,4,5 can be usedstreet light and traffic signals 1,2.

Street props 1 folder contains bin,fire hydrant,mailbox,metal barrier,newsbox,park bench,parking meter,street stump,sewer lid which can be placed on anywhere of street.But sewer lidc1 and
 2 corresponds to "sidewalk single tree bed" model.Tree bed 1,2,5 corresponds to "sidewalk tree bed2"model which is in roads and floor folder.
Street props2 folder cotents can be placed anywhere on the street.

Street props3 folder contents also can be placed anywhere on the street except concrete wall.Each conrete wall has two parts, one is piller and another is main wall.

Trees can be placed any where such as on sidewalk,on tree bed or any parking side area.

High floor 1 and 2 has modular parts.High floor 4 and 5 can be place anywhere  but park floor1 and 2 is mainly for park area and is big in size.Sewer lid 5 and tree bed 3,4 can be placed 
anywhere on street.

After all you have strat  with roads,sidewalk and therefor the floors to create a new scene.Then you can decorate or modify your scene as you want.
FOR ANY SUPPORT FEEL FREE TO CONTACT:meshlabstudio@gmail.com

